# EOS-Documentation
This repository will serve as the central source for all documentation related to my PFE project . It will concentrate on the tools that will be utilized, such as engines, stacks, databases, CI/CD, etc. I will regularly create a README file to detail each step of my progress, document my research, and maintain a record for later use in writing my final report for my supervisor

## About the project 
For my end of study project, I chose a project that I find interesting and challenging. It's about the <b>implementation of a workflow module</b>. The project involves constructing a workflow, executing processes, and generating results based on inputs. The process of making a workflow is typically decentralized, which means that it requires cooperation between the modeler and the backend app. The project aims to centralize all components involved in creating and executing workflows into one platform where the execution of each task can be easily tracked, configured and assigned parameters, and modified without causing any errors or regressions. This platform can then be integrated into other projects that require specific workflows.

## The technology stack and engines to be used
The project involves two contributors using the "Flowable" and "Camunda" workflow engines. I have selected Camunda and will need to consult its [documentation](https://docs.camunda.org/manual/7.18/).The technology stack consists of Angular for the frontend and Spring Boot for the backend. This setup enables us to create necessary entities, services, and controllers for interacting with the workflow engine and displaying it in the frontend. The backend and frontend packages will be deployed and a maintenance pipeline will be set up. Additionally, security will be implemented using Keycloak, and we may also integrate the module into a microservice architecture for added value.

